and oh you're only judging someone based
on looks and you're only judging someone
based on text messages saying that
people are not shallow
before the Internet is like saying that
people were not naked before the
Internet
you know you see people naked because
the Internet you see people being
shallow because the Internet but yeah
before the Internet people worship hello
to all my 10 out of 10 followers today I
wanted to talk about why women have such
high standards nowadays so for girls
having high standards I just questioned
why you have those standards and if
they're really genuine for who you are
and what you're looking for first time
you met my ex-wife Melissa and best
girls off camera you might not have
picked up on this but the first time you
met my ex-wife and the first time she
met you she was looking you like you're
not his type she was totally sizing you
up and like you know obviously I can
read her I was together I was dealing
with my wife for like six years so I can
I can interpret like the expression her
face and you know she's looking at you
and you know she was thinking his type
is you know the kind of girls in the rap
videos this type is like Hispanic mixed
african-american very curvy you're
you're not his type what's he doing with
you yeah yeah she was she was really
sizing you up that way um you know when
I arrived in Kunming couldn't Ming China
alone what was that in 36 something like
that 36 37
there are poets it was real funny
because some of the Chinese women knew
what was up and they had this real
pragmatic attitude was like yup a whole
lot of women here gonna want you I
remember I there's one teacher who just
laughed you just laughed at the idea
that any Chinese woman look funny and in
in conveying yeah and I mean this is
kind of what this video is all
like there are people who see the world
in terms of abstract ideas and that can
be okay when you're talking about
architecture when you're talking about
composing music on a blank sheet of
paper but the thing is especially with
human sexuality but with many many
things in life it's not about what you
would want in abstract in theory and in
principle it's about whether or not you
would want him
the particular man the irreducible
palpable visceral reality of who this
guy is and you might want him despite
all the things you'd say you'd want in
theory or as and the same for the man in
relation to the woman like maybe my
ex-wife is right like you're not my type
or you're not the type I was interested
in whatever 10-15 years ago or something
or wasn't I was brainwashed by rap music
videos growing up whatever was you know
but you know what ultimately you don't
date a type you don't pursue a type if
you don't meet and talk to you and fall
in love with the type you fall in love
with a unique individual that's a very
very different thing and a lot of people
in a weird sense they're not prepared
for that you know I don't think it's
their parents that put them up to maybe
maybe in some cases in some cases the
mom sits down the girl and gets them to
talk but like so for that that Chinese
teacher in Kunming she's thinking who
wants a man who's 36 years old and has a
kid from a former marriage is de Bourgh
who wants that
who wants that no no no no no no nobody
wants a theory people want him that we
want this guy you want this you don't
want an idea of a man it's a particular
man then you find out what comes with it
okay so here's here's the clip I'm
responding to inexplicably
inexplicably popular youtuber and you're
gonna see whether she's doing it
intentionally or passively consciously
self-consciously she's really kind of
catering to the fantasy she's catering
to a lot of things that people in the
audience why I think online dating is
really exacerbating people's standards
make them higher than they think they
are and people should really just
examine where those standards came from
whether it's from outside or if it's
from an inside influence and if people
go into tinder with a wholesome mindset
I'm sure it can work out but I think
it's just exacerbating the shallowness
and our culture and I know this is a
pretty well talked about topic and
because we live in a more gender equal
society women aren't really looking for
their provider anymore they're more so
which is looking for someone there
either compatible with or who looks
really hot and this is kind of
problematic nowadays because especially
with the influx of online dating and
tinder everyone is so obsessed with how
someone looks someone's height someone's
superficial where they went to college
or what their job is just to figure out
whether or not they'll be compatible and
it's not really wholesome anymore I love
that that wishful thinking element it's
like make America great again there's
this question it shows that it's not
wholesome anymore when people got when
people got blackout drunk in the 1930s
it was wholesome right when people used
to snort cocaine in the 1930s it was
wholesome when your grandparents did
cocaine it was wholesome cocaine but
these days it's low and dirty cocaine oh
it's the same cocaine my dude it's the
same clap it's the same you know it
ain't the same age AIDS is new I admit
you know what I mean dude it's it's the
same pregnancy you know blaming the
internet for people being shallow if
it's shallow it's you like that I think
that's the other challenge so I mean
look I stayed in a different way this
idea that desire is gonna be something
wholesome and profound and that's not
something shallow I mean you know is
that even how you choose your roommate
when there's no one there's no sexuality
of us that you choose they choose your
friends if you
completely heterosexual same-gender or
friends is it is it really that deep or
what man when you look back at the
people who became your friends and and
how and why you know just from from our
experience I remember when we were first
getting together my brother told me that
relationships are based off of a mutual
understanding mutual respect and love
for each other and that was desired for
you that like was yeah
leading needs so you see I think okay
right right it's share the same time
like look whatever any period of time
1950s 1970s if you met someone at a bar
over a glass of beer did you know more
or less about them than today you know
by looking them up on love let's just
say YouTube let's stick to YouTube how
much do you know about me about watching
a bunch of my videos on YouTube I think
you knew a lot of really deep stuff
about me from YouTube I had a lot of
deep stuff in my channel but you know
other people you know okay let's say in
theory what if I dated someone who was
in the Game of Thrones because I saw
their channel and they're talking about
politics and Game of Thrones and you
know history and what they liked about
books maybe not that deep but still we'd
be starting on the first date on a whole
different level from the good old days
when things were wholesome when people
work shallow because people didn't have
the Internet's and smartphones look
saying the people know saying that
people were not shallow before the
Internet is like saying that people were
not naked before the Internet you know
you see people naked because the
Internet you see people being shallow
because the Internet but yet before the
internet people worship and anyone who's
under six feet is like a man lit and
they'll never get some girlfriend and I
think that's pretty toxic especially
coming from girls who are like five two
or five four or even five five and stuff
because why do you need a six-foot
boyfriend I can understand if you want a
boyfriend who's taller than you maybe
and
suppose it can make sense if maybe
you're 5 8 or 5 9 and you want a
boyfriend who's taller than you then 6
foot like make sense and talk to a lot
of people I know who are like super
short like 5 to whatever and they're
like no I won't date anyone under 6 feet
and that's just extremely superficial to
me there's that pretty cringe where they
say and that people have where it's like
the three sixes six foot six figure
salary six inch you know so I heard that
and I was like that's really like a
thing that people are going off of in
order to date someone it's just so
superficial and for girls specifically
it has to do so to me there's there's
something here about the nature of
desire desire is not reasonable but look
when you fall in love when you fall in
love with a particular person you know
you fall in love with them despite and
not because of all these things you know
but that this is the other thing if
you're stating as a general principle
you ask a woman in theory how tall a guy
would you like to date she's probably
not gonna say 5 foot 2 you talked to her
10 years later she fell in love with a
guy whose father is usually well you
know when I first met Steve I thought he
was too short but we had this this in
this in common you know whatever the
story is you know you don't know I mean
god when I was in Scotland it was really
encouraged in the culture there it was a
totally obsessed with big boobs culture
so really encouraged that you know it
varies and is really Scotland is
different from Japan and you know really
but they even the contour in Scotland in
Canada you versus a cultural Condors
that how many of those guys went on and
fell in love with you know flat-chested
women you know just say and whatever I
mean you'd have to know them pretty well
in another story and maybe they feel
that they changed and maybe not they say
oh well but then I met her in this we
had in common or this is what happen you
know whatever the story is you know you
don't fall in love with an idea you know
so I mean it's interesting because
they're kind of two different big
continuities in Western cultural history
going on here
one this why I didn't watch you talk
about anything before you died by now
this is where I make sense one is the
idea that you don't fall in love with
the person fall in love with their soul
that is the [ __ ] and he's seen as on
that is whoa it's not that you have big
breasts it's your soul and she goes
right preach preach no preach so he
takes it that far so you were kind of
alluding to that that he pretends it's
not even whether you have a penis or a
vagina that's like a really trivial
thing because he's such a profound guy
right right which starts which starts in
the basis of one photograph on Twitter
and he says hit me up I'll buy you
airplane tickets etcetera you know what
I mean so no no no I'm it's a complete
complete bull yeah you got you know it's
[ __ ] x-ray photograph on Twitter
showing their soul no but you know he
thinks that's one big continuity and
then the other is the idea that the you
know what human beings ought to do is
live and die in service to an abstract
ideal and you see that so strongly with
in the history of communism
you know mmm and again I'm using
communism as the example because you
know it doesn't have the overtly
religious character of Christianity
Islam or whatever so for dating nowadays
I probably suggest people to get off
tinder and stop using that because it's
really shallow and it creates this
shallow culture where you make a tinder
and then you look at all of your options
and you're like oh this guy which is
that cool college this guy works here
this guy is a 10 out of 10 you know like
the shallow is like the vessel for the
profound you're not gonna have a penile
relationship with someone without the
shallow relationship there as the thing
is the container for that Russian I mean
it's just really weird to me this this
contempt for for what she calls
shallow you know you're saying there are
women out there who should who should
want in abstract and in theory someone
who's poor and short and
and as a small penis you know look what
that's why this video has a million
views this is appealing to yes yes I
know right when they're out dating right
double D breasts right you know blonde
hair and blue eyes like you know like of
course a lot of men start out dating
thinking of an ideal and then they meet
someone right
and they surprise themselves that they
turned out to fall in love with yeah
yeah I know what what the only thing I
want I don't know if he's doing it
self-conscious I don't she's aware that
she's doing it and and the lack of any
contrast to the male attitude is very
peculiar it's just I mean it's blaming
women for their shallowness in not being
willing to date unattractive which is is
that the problem right that's right yeah
right right it's really right oh so it's
so it's someone's fault other than mine
you know like the tragedy in the triumph
of human sexuality is that the profound
stuff can never be a substitute for the
shallow stuff right now it's also true
the shallow stuff can't be a substitute
for the profound stuff if you're with
someone if you're in relationship with
someone you know who you really respect
and admire intellectually and you feel
sexual revolted by them
you should be roommates you should be
colleagues you should not be lovers you
should not get married
don't raise kids together that's also a
tragic situation but believe it or not
Melissa does not have this you know I'm
you know like I know and that's the
thing I mean you know I don't think you
started off you know so I have had
people write to me specifically writing
to me saying they've always been
attracted to older Jewish male
intellectual well it's like no like
really there are women they're like oh
that was always their type and whatever
and they that's what they see in me and
by me know that the point is not what he
you decide story there's there's a
there's a guy you were talking to me
about and you you found him totally
revolting and you assumed he was way
older than me and stuff he was just not
attract to you at all then you find out
he and I are actually both the same age
so I was like I was joking with you like
yeah well I could look as bad as him if
you know you know but no it's you know
that's the point you don't you don't
fall in love with an idea you don't fall
in love with a you know a scheduled
program but sorry but nevertheless it's
totally wrong to in this way despise
what shallow you know as as if there's
some kind of available substitute the
program and most people what do they
have in their lives that's profound when
you came to me Melissa you wanted to
have more of a profound life you wanted
a more of a meaningful life what you
know what are you gonna say most
people's lives are desperate and
meaningless and anxious you know we're
gonna go you try to find somebody to
love try to find something meaningful
you know yeah any reasonable person is
going to listen to this and think yeah
okay but yeah but but but but but flip
flip the coin this way let's see you
have this list six-figure salary six
foot tall whatever you with women you
never find I don't think there's penises
tell it's too late men no a woman's
breast size Mendel a lot more about a
woman's body before they commit right
before even the first day with women you
know okay okay so let's say woman has a
list whatever the list is list
requirements she got she gets guess to
this guy he checks all the boxes then
they get in bed together they have sex
and it's terrible
right but this is this is my point what
are you gonna say the shallow you know
shallow things matter
sexual attraction matters you know silt
look most of my viewers already
horrified they know that we have really
great sexual chemistry really great sex
life even compared to other YouTube
channels that offer you advice on your
sex like that claim they did another
interesting who who is it a positioning
advice we had we had a day recently this
is this is about the mind over matter or
element right we had sex once when you
were afraid that you had lost the card
for the laundry machine so this is like
a it's like a special key card that
turns on and turns off the laundry
machine and the apartment building we
used to be you know beep okay and she
would stress that about it right and
that was like the blob well he was still
pretty great sex
the first five to ten minutes we're like
you know remarkably white yeah you know
in a sense you didn't feel attracted to
me just cuz you were thinking about this
thing with the wonder you were stressed
about that's it were you but it was
hilarious we both jokes about afterwards
like wow that's a contrast to like every
other time we've had sex even that day
you know but that month or whatever like
wow okay you don't think you know you
let me think about it you with someone
whether you're not attracted them for
intellectual reasons psychological
reasons more profound philosophical
reasons are shallow reasons so you know
I mean you're kidding yourself that way
too
you can fall in love with an ideal that
you can that you can fall in love with a
checklist and you can't you fall in love
with the particular man because of
everything that's right with him and
despite everything that's wrong with
them first in the person individual